some people may not know what do they
want to do in life I wanted to become
the best in my role in my region and
then I wanted to compute the best
players and tie my own skills against
them everyone would tell you that we
want to go towards one to be the best
but it's like about what you feel inside
kind of you know like you may say it in
front of camera i may say that to the
people may say to the organization but
you may just like right maybe you you
you will say it but you don't really
think about it i was like good in league
of legends you know and then it was like
so much for me about winning you know I
was just sitting on my pc four straight
10 hours and I was only about winning
and when I was losing a like super after
super mad you know what myself I was
like literally like like so pissed you
know so mad when I was losing I had this
opportunity to play some tournaments
like I was on a seal I was like not 18
yet so me like it was for the first time
in my life I was on LAN even then it was
like so weird and isn't even took my
gear with me I thought they are going to
give me keyboards and mouse right so I
just went there like without nothing and
prepared and on the way I met those like
a players that were on the way to their
games and I met like those back then it
was like diamond like the superstars
like Gumby the very best players and and
the fact that I like one day I may
become like one of them know
Jan Kaas is Jason is why the big Jew has
here to go doesn't get it no for over
pow let's finished off the ad carry
absolutely dream star I think for them a
40 they probably would have never
dreamed of a 3-1 would probably have
been above their expectations even
they've been playing brilliant and know
exactly what to do in the games rockin
Ronnie for it back then was like Miss
mascara and shook and rely kind of the
best and I was really happy inside of
myself that I'm just considered like one
of the best player that is the 20th for
rock yet I felt like the people didn't
really believe that we can achieve that
much with the same lineup and we can
sell our in zazzle's we took who light
and we took over pop top line and we
fought that with those two changes we
may like become the best team in Europe
and the split started 11 like to to you
know 33 44 and that is like loose loose
loose oh well I trying to recon the
middle of nowhere freeze tanks down
worldwide that's a power play right
there for Copenhagen wolves I'm in kind
of sorry for sauces and sale ever that
we like left them behind we want to be
the best and we change the players to
achieve something and in the end it
didn't work out so why just not try to
stick to the same lineup and destroy
with this lineup to actually be the best
right I try to not think about it
because it doesn't really matter what
matters is that what's now right we kind
of need to show what we learn and we
need to show that we are not scared on
stage and we need to show that we
deserve to be in this year's event and
just play our best if you like stay the
same way like as it is now if nothing
will change them I think we are like
bottom fitting so I still
believe in our players I like I know
everyone is like high in soloqueue
everyone is like tank is better than in
the screams obviously it's looked
different but they were just trying to
work as a unit and we were just trying
to find this this thing that will just
help us on and achieve what we want
watch
we really wanted to do like do something
and we just didn't work but I guess
that's how life goes right you to try
something it doesn't work and try again
or you just do something else water
feature